# Static-Analysis-Utility: Extracting some static analysis data from malware samples using tools on the Remnux VM.

ZIP file containing malware samples is provided as an experimental set for this Project.

Developed a Python Program that will extract some useful data from the artifact(s) for analysis.

The Python code collects the following data from the sample (depending on the file type being analyzed), puts it into a global object within the script, and finally commits it into the database (mongo dB):

a.For PE files, I have extracted the following metadata:

      1.File type (as reported by exiftool / “file magic”)
      2.File size (in bytes)
      3.File names
      4.Compile Time
      5.Creation Time
      6.Modify Time
      7.Author
      8.Company Name
      9.File Description
      10.List of sections (if it is a PE32-type file)
      11.Sections
      12.Sections size in order
      13.Sections address in order
      14.MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256 hashes
b.For html file, I have extracted the following meta data:

      1.External JavaScript links
      2.External CSS links
      3.JavaScript function names
      4.SHA1
      5.SHA256
      6.md5
      7.size
      8.File names
c.For pdf file, I have extracted the following metadata:

      1.Encodings used in pdf
      2.URI’s in pdf
      3.Filters in pdf
      4.SHA256
      5.SHA1
      6.md5
      7.size
      8.File names

Run a few summary analyses using PyMongo in a Python script to demonstrate the data was imported. Identified information or characteristics that are available in multiple malware samples.

Documented a report which includes malware analysis of two or more malware samples (which I am using to develop the extraction technique) highlighting why the information extracted is significant.

Listed the md5, sha-1, or sha-256 of all the malware samples that are identified by my custom analysis and yielded some amount of data extraction for it.

Used mongo dump to dump the contents of the collection into a BSON output file. 

#Submission includes:

       1.PDF Report.
       2.Supporting Python code.
       3.Artifacts and binary data. 
       4.BSON and JSON file(s) generated by the “mongo dump” operation     . 
 

